Fixes and updates for exposure strategies (#1667)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_configuring-workspace-exposure-strategies-using-an-operator.adoc

.Procedure

When deploying {prod-short} using the Operator, configure the intended strategy by modifying the `spec.server.serverExposureStrategy` and  optionally `spec.k8s.singleHostExposureType` properties of the CheCluster Custom Resource object YAML file.

To activate changes done to CheCluster YAML file, do one of the following:

> * Create a new cluster by executing the `{prod-cli}` command with applying a patch. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new cluster by executing the `{prod-cli}` command with applying a patch. For example:
```

----

> $ {prod-cli} server:deploy  --installer=operator --platform=... --che-operator-cr-patch-yaml=patch.yaml

Reviewer: What's the expected value for `--platform=...`?
```suggestion
$ {prod-cli} server:deploy  --installer=operator --platform=... \
  --che-operator-cr-patch-yaml=patch.yaml
```

Author: Will be solved

----
+
ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]

> patch.yaml should contain the following for `native` single-host exposure type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For the `native` single-host exposure type, use the following `patch.yaml` file:
```

  k8s:
    singleHostExposureType: 'native'
----
endif::[]
+

> For `gateway` type, patch.yaml should look as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For the `gateway` type, use the following `patch.yaml`:
```

----

> * Update the YAML file properties of an already running cluster by executing the `{orch-cli} patch` command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the YAML file properties of an already running cluster by executing the `{orch-cli} patch` command. For example:
```

+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {orch-cli} patch checluster {prod-checluster} --type=json -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/server/serverExposureStrategy", "value": "__single-host__"}] -n __<namespace-name>__'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {orch-cli} patch checluster {prod-checluster} --type=json \
  -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/server/serverExposureStrategy", "value": "__single-host__"}] -n __<namespace-name>__'
```

----
+

> Depending on the strategy used, replace the `_single-host_` option in the above example with `multi-host`

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't make sense when `"{project-context}" != "che"`.

Author: Hello Robert. Thanks for asking. The single-host mode is one of the new features for the CRW 2.5 release, thus it makes sense also for the downstream docs and ifeval is no more needed.

ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]
 or `default-host`
endif::[]
.
+

> If single-host type should be changed as well, command will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the `single-host` type, too, use:
```

Reviewer: Is this possibility also valid when `"{project-context}" != "che"`?

Author: The single-host mode is one of the new features for the CRW 2.5 release, thus it makes sense also for the downstream docs and ifeval is no more needed.

+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {orch-cli} patch checluster {prod-checluster} --type=json -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/server/serverExposureStrategy", "value": "single-host"},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {orch-cli} patch checluster {prod-checluster} --type=json \
  -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/server/serverExposureStrategy", "value": "single-host"}, {"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/k8s/singleHostExposureType", "value": "gateway"}]' \
  -n _<namespace-name>_
```

Reviewer: Remove the next line -- it was now appended to the command line.
